Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Lightning)
Humans and Ignis
cannot coexist.
This will only end when one side
conquers the other.
Humans must not be deleted
and I'm going to make sure
that doesn't happen
by defeating you here and now!
(Lightning)
Please try your
very best, my friend.
(Varis)
BORRELOAD DRAGON,
attack ESTRANGEMENT DRAGON
and end--(gasps)
(Ai)
What's that portal?
That's Jin, Kolter's brother.
What's this?
I linked my myself
with Jin's data.
So if you defeat and delete me,
Jin will be deleted as well.
This can't be!
So what will you do, Varis?
Will you continue
your attack, my friend?
♪♪♪
(Lightning)
So my friend,
will you attack
and sacrifice Jin?
(Varis)
Do you think I care
about Jin's existence?
Varis, no...
(Ai)
This is cheating, Lightning!
I resent your allegation.
Is it really cheating to make
full use of my resources,
which, of course,
includes Jin here?
(Ai)
Yeah! It's the very definition
of cheating!
(Lightning)
Let's agree to disagree
as it seems we're consulting
differing dictionaries.
And Varis, if you
don't care about Jin,
then perhaps you care about...
Spectre.
He is, or should I say was,
your most ardent ally,
wasn't he?
I've also linked his data to me.
So if you defeat me,
he will be erased as well.
(grunts)
Isn't it interesting how one
small change in circumstance
can put your entire game
on pause?
Will you admit that
I have out strategized you?
Or will you prove me wrong
and attack me?
I've put you to the test,
now let's see if you pass it!
(grunts)
This changes nothing, Ignis!
BORRELOAD, attack--
(Playmaker)
Don't do it!
(grunts)
Varis, you know that attacking
Lightning is not
the right decision.
It's true that he has
to be stopped.
But still, sacrificing
Jin and Spectre
isn't the way to do that!
Spectre understood
the risks he was taking
when he came here.
I know, but that's not--
(Varis)
But nothing.
I'll do what I must.
Just like you sacrificed Kolter.
I did not sacrifice Kolter.
He sacrificed himself.
Because that was the only way
he could help save
Jin and the rest of us,
humans and Ignis alike!
(laughing)
Playmaker, how amusing
that it is you
who is trying to convince
your foe to keep your other foe
from being permanently deleted.
Just because we're opponents
does not mean we're foes,
Lightning.
And though we may have
mistakenly
gotten into this mess,
there's always a way out of it.
Mistake?
This is no mistake.
You still don't realize
that this mistake you speak of
is all of my design?
What?
To elucidate,
I'll have to take us back
to the Lost Incident,
an event that left
many of you mentally
and emotionally scarred,
including our
jittery friend here.
The damage to Jin
was especially severe.
And I must confess
that was my doing.
(grunts)
You see, even then I knew
how to invade the network.
But I especially
enjoyed accessing Jin.
We played a delightful
little game together.
It was always the same.
Over and over I convinced him
that he'd been freed
from his confinement.
That would make Jin very happy.
But each time he learned
that his rescue was a deception.
And a rather
nightmarish one at that.
As a result, when Jin truly
was freed,
he didn't believe it was real.
And he still doesn't.
Why would you go
to all that trouble?
(Lightning)
Logically, for control.
You might say that I turned
Jin into my puppet.
Through him, I manipulated
one event after another
until I led you all
to this precise moment.
Now you must choose.
Attack me now and Jin
will be erased.
A tragic end, yes,
but you might be
doing him a favor.
Then again, if you refrain
from attacking,
you may miss your only chance
to win this duel.
What will it be?
Decide!
What will you do, Varis?
Victory could be yours
if you attack
but, by winning,
Jin and Spectre lose everything.
I'll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
And due to ESTRANGEMENT
DRAGON's special ability,
it leaves the field
and goes to the graveyard.
(laughing)
You had victory in
the palm of your hand,
and you couldn't take it.
That is why you're not
as great as the Ignis,
because you don't have
the emotional programming
to make the correct
logical move.
There's nothing fair
about this duel.
Why didn't he attack?
If the old Varis
had been given the chance
to take out that Ignis,
he would have seized it.
You're right, but it seems
there's a new Varis now,
one with a new way of dueling.
Let's hope he knows
what he's doing,
for all our sakes.
Varis, you are nothing more
than a farce.
And it's time to put
this comedy to an end.
(grunts)
It's my turn--
(Bohman)
Wait.
Did you just tell me to stop?
Yes. But only because
your actions have forced me to.
What?
I find your tactics
unacceptable.
No matter who the opponent,
you must show them respect.
When I dueled Soulburner,
I showed him the respect
that every opponent deserves.
But then, without consulting me,
you had Windy interfere
by hurting Flame.
I won the duel,
but my victory was tainted
by your underhanded tactics.
I won't let you do that again.
How will you stop me?
By holding on to Jin
and Spectre's data
until your duel ends.
What?
(whimpers)
(Ai)
Uh... You see what I saw?
How dare you...
Give them back!
I will not, Lightning,
I am no longer yours
to command.
(grunts)
(Bohman)
You can prove we are
superior to humans...
by winning this duel honorably,
without using tricks.
I am confident that
you will do so, Lightning.
Thank you.
Now, duel fairly and let's see
who is truly superior.
Don't expect thanks.
I never did.
It makes no difference!
Either way I'm still
going to win this duel!
There will be a winner.
Only it's going to be me.
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon ARMATOS LEGIO SICA!
And I'll use it
to illuminate my circuit!
I set ARMATOS LEGIO SICA
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon Link 1
ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION!
Next, I activate the spell card
ARMATOS FULGUR!
By tributing an ARMATOS
LEGIO Link Monster
that's on my field,
I can summon another
Link Monster from my Extra Deck
with the same
number of links.
Or to put it more simply,
I tribute ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION
to summon AMATOS LEGIO
EQUES FLAMMA.
Then I activate
the Link Spell
ARMATOS LEGIO PLUMBUM
TRIDENT's effect.
By returning one Link Monster
in my graveyard
to my Extra Deck,
I can revive an ARMATOS
LEGIO and summon it next to
PLUMBUM TRIDENT's link.
So I return DECURION
to my Extra Deck
to summon ARMATOS LEGIO MAGNUS
DUX from my graveyard.
(grunts)
That monster again...
Now let's cut to the chase,
when I attack, we both know
you'll use your effects
and I'll use mine,
so I already did
the calculations.
My MAGNUS DUX
will have 5000 attack points
while your BORRELOADS
will have 3000,
so that's 2000 damage.
And you have
2000 life points left.
Meaning, my victory
cannot be more exact.
You were a formidable foe,
my friend,
just not formidable enough.
But as a reward
for your noble attempt,
allow me to leave you
with a parting gift,
about your past
before you are gone forever.
About my past?
Specifically, your father
Dr. Kogami,
and the truth
about his final moments.
What?
When your father told his bosses
at SOL Technologies
that the Ignis would bring about
the end of mankind,
they exiled him
and shut down his research.
That should come as
no surprise, really,
because the Ignis
were a valuable asset.
When they created the Cyberse,
the Ignis generated a vast
quantity of data material.
The company came to depend
on that flow of data
for its operations,
and they couldn't afford
to turn off the faucet.
So instead of
shutting down the Ignis,
they shut down
your father's work.
But you believe they did worse
than that, don't you?
You are convinced that
SOL Technologies
put him into
a permanent sleep
so that he wouldn't
reveal what he knew.
But you're wrong.
During your father's exile,
I ran numerous simulations
to see if Ignis
and humans could coexist,
and it just so happened
that your inquisitive father
was continuing to run
the same simulations.
So I knew it was only
a matter of time
till he stumbled upon
a deeply disturbing fact,
that none of the Ignis
posed a threat to humankind,
except for one.
You know which Ignis
I'm talking about, Varis,
because you reached
the same conclusion.
Humans and Ignis couldn't
co-exist because of me.
Well, I couldn't let
that news get out.
So I infected your father
with a virus that left him
silenced forever.
You what?
I realize
you must be upset,
but surely you can understand
it was my only logical choice.
My actions were purely
a matter of self-preservation.
I felt no personal animosity
toward your father
when I entered
his private server.
I simply made a few subtle
tweaks to his VR headset.
All this time, you assumed
that SOL Technologies
was the culprit behind
your father's condition
when it was me.
Just remember this, Varis,
I never had to keep
the truth from you
because you kept it
from yourself.
You leapt to conclusions,
so you never saw
that I was the threat.
You have only
yourself to blame.
So Lightning
has been behind everything,
secretly, since day one.
Day one?
More like Day zero!
By delaying your father,
I bought time
so that I could prepare
for this war,
Allowing me to muster my army,
such as creating Bohman.
So then, all this time
I've been angry at SOL Tech,
I should've
been angry at you!
Our entire crusade against
Sol Tech was based on a lie?
Against SOL Tech maybe,
but not against the Ignis!
(Lightning)
Your anger directed at
SOL Technologies is warranted.
I wouldn't have
gotten involved
if they hadn't gotten
involved first,
but let's be honest,
nothing I say to you right now
will change your mind,
will it?
So, let's just end this.
MAGNUS DUX! Attack BORRELOAD
EXCHARGE DRAGON!
I activate BORRELOAD DRAGON's
special ability!
Enemy Negation lowers
MAGNUS DUX's attack
and defense points by 500,
lowering its attack
points to 2500!
But Lightning already knew
you were gonna do that.
So he's now going to use
JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double MAGNUS DUX's
attack points and win!
Not if I have anything
to say about it!
I activate the trap card
BORREL RING!
By tributing BORRELOAD DRAGON,
BORREL RING gains a counter
for every one of its links.
My BORRELOAD DRAGON
is a Link 4 monster.
So BORREL RING
gets four counters.
Furthermore, if I use one
of BORREL RINGS counters
during this battle
my monster can't be destroyed.
And your monster loses
100 attack points
for each remaining counter
on BORREL RING.
MAGNUS DUX's attack points have
been knocked down to 2200.
Hmm...
This feels like a last ditch
effort on your part, my friend.
I use JUDGMENT ARROWS to double
my monster's attack points.
Even if I can't
destroy your monster,
you still take damage.
That ends my turn.
Looks like you failed
to defeat me, Ignis.
True. But you only have
600 life points left.
That's an amount that
I will easily eliminate
on my next turn.
That's if you get another turn.
And I can assure you,
that's one thing
that I won't allow you to get.
(grunts)
Varis sounds pretty confident,
why would he sound confident?
This doesn't seem to qualify
as a confident-esque situation.
So you think
he's behaving irrationally?
Because past history wouldn't
prove that assessment
to be accurate.
True. Irrational self-confidence
is my bag, not his.
It's my turn.
I draw!
I activate BORRELOAD
EXCHARGE DRAGON's ability!
I use one of its Overlay Units
to lower your monster's attack
points by 600!
And then, I get to resurrect
BORRELOAD DRAGON
from my graveyard!
Rise!
Time to battle!
BORRELOAD EXCHARGE DRAGON,
attack MAGNUS DUX!
Fire!
I also now activate
BORRELOAD DRAGON's ability
to lower your monster's attack
points even further!
Fourteen hundred?
Now even if Lightning uses
JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double his monster's
attack points,
Varis's is still stronger!
This attack will deal Lightning
200 points worth of damage.
And next, if Varis's
BORRELOAD DRAGON
attacks and destroys
EQUES FLAMMA,
Lightning will run
out of life points.
No! I refuse to let you win!
I activate MAGNUS
DUX's special ability!
For every monster
that it's co-linked with,
I can return a card on the field
or in the graveyard to my hand.
Such as my ARMATOS GLORIA!
And by doing so,
its effect activates!
When ARMATOS GLORIA is the
target of a special ability
while it's on my field,
all my monsters in play
are destroyed.
And when EQUES FLAMMA
is destroyed
while it's co-linked
with another monster,
we both take damage equal to
that other monster's
original attack points.
Meaning we both take
3000 points of damage,
which is more than enough
to wipe out your life points
and mine.
No way!
I refuse to lose to you, human!
I refuse to lose to any human!
And if that means
sacrificing myself, so be it!
I refuse to lose to you, human!
I refuse to lose to any human!
And if that means
sacrificing myself, so be it!
(whooshing)
(blasting)
(groans)
No way, Roken!
I can't...
I can't believe it.
(grunts)
The Light Ignis was willing
to destroy itself
if it meant taking Varis
down with it.
Varis! No!
Varis, wake up!
I didn't expect that the
Light Ignis would destroy itself
after it tried so hard
to survive for so long.
I should've taken
that into account.
But if you look
on the bright side,
you stopped Lightning!
I guess I did.
I never thought the day
would come when an Ignis
would actually be attempting
to cheer me up.
This isn't such a bad place
to go down.
Takes me back to
when I was a kid,
when life was easy.
I could just lay
in the grass all day
and stare at the clouds.
I'm afraid life won't be
as simple for you.
You have one opponent left.
Good luck, Playmaker.
You too, Ai.
He called me by my name...
Roken is gone.
He's gone... forever.
(gasps)
This means...
only Bohman is left.
(Lightning)
Wrong.
I... am still... here.
But how?
How does he still have
one life point?
(groans)
(Bohman)
Because of Jin.
When I took Jin's
data from you,
you were able to hold on
to a small portion
of his energy.
Which you then converted
into a single life point.
Yes.
But do you know why,
my friend?
It's because
I'll do anything to succeed.
That's why
I need you now, Bohman.
(coughs)
Give me your energy.
I gave you life...
now return it to your creator!
After all the treacheries
you have committed, Lightning,
the only decision
that I am left with
is to deny your request.
(groans)
What?
You claim that you wish
to create a perfect world,
but I know that
you cannot do that.
Only I am capable
of achieving that.
And it is not a criticism,
it is as you say, logical.
It would therefore not be
logical to give you my energy.
But allow me to fulfill
your goal, by you helping me.
Instead of energizing you,
energize me to
even greater powers.
So be it.
Bohman has absorbed Lightning.
(groans)
Now Bohman has five Ignis
inside him,
all of ‘em except me!
But that will soon change.
When this is over,
you will also become
a part of me.
It is time, Playmaker.
Time for our final duel.
Right.
And I've never been more ready.
Let's duel!